Update manage-billing-profiles.md (#2771)
MicrosoftDocs/microsoft-365-docs: microsoft-365/commerce/billing-and-payments/manage-billing-profiles.md

::: moniker-end

> For commercial customers who buy products and services from Microsoft, Microsoft approved resllers or Microsoft Partners, billing profiles let you customize what items are included on your invoice, and how you pay your invoices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For commercial customers who buy products and services from Microsoft, Microsoft approved resellers, and Microsoft partners, billing profiles let you customize what items are included on your invoice, and how you pay your invoices.
```
